my god she's about the company hey
sweetie
can you do me a favor and get off the
phone please how was your day today good
good good good well let me tell you how
my day was not that good I'm gonna tell
you why your counselor called me today
and she said that you are doing shitty
in various classes why is that I don't
want to hear none of that shit that
iPhone six right there I need that that
right there
thank you sweetie let it go let it go
it's over but dad loves you and I got a
surprise for you open s er no no no I'm
not your deacon um you know what that is
that's a motherfucking trap phone harsh
what is a pause a posh is what your ass
got now you don't have an iPod you got
an iPod yo ass don't know how to act in
class so no more Instagram no more
tweeting no more selfies - name got a
camera that shit can't text you can't do
shit but call me and your motherfucking
mother are we on the same page hello
are we on no it's not a joke your graves
are joke
that's your new phone
really hello
hello of shit